To complete the discussion on the ItemReader,
I'm going to demonstrate executing the full batch job.
Note that I'll be following Demo 14 found in the DEMOS.
md file in the root project directory.
With the full item reader in place and the processor and writer stubbed,
let's try to execute the job.
In the IDE,
make sure that you've selected the PatientBatchLoaderApp in your toolbar,
and then select to run the server.
With the server started, let's go to the REST Client.
I again have my REST Client request that has an HTTP method of GET,
a host and port of localhost:8080, and a path of /job/test-unit-testing.
csv.
Let's run it now.
If the job was successful, you should see a Success message.
Let's go over to the console.
Here's the runtime log.
Verify that you see a line noting the start of the job,
a line that outputs the PatientRecord data,
and a line that denotes success for the job.
This completes the execution of the job using the ItemReader and stubbed out processor and writer.